[terra-clinical-label-value-view] Updated control to be correctly interpreted by the screen readers (#856)
cerner/terra-clinical: packages/terra-clinical-label-value-view/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> * Changed
>   * Created a new attribute on the LabelValueView component - childOfDescriptionList
>   * Updated the LabelValueView to be 
>   *     - a React.Fragment with a term and a definition when the LabelValueView is already inside a description list (when childOfDescriptionList is sent with a "true" value)
>   *     - a description list when childOfDescriptionList is not sent (undefined) or sent as "false"
>   * Changed the component examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Changed
   * Created a new prop `childOfDescriptionList` on the LabelValueView component.
   * Updated the LabelValueView to be a React.Fragment with a term and a definition when the LabelValueView is already inside a description list (when childOfDescriptionList is sent with a "true" value)
   *     - a description list when childOfDescriptionList is not sent (undefined) or sent as "false"
   * Updated the component examples for new prop `childOfDescriptionList`.
```

Author: I made the change. Thank you for the suggestion!
